Now that we've created our card component our card list component and our search box component we're
pretty much done with the most of the functionality in this application.
The only thing we're missing is a little bit of styling.
So the first thing we need is to add this title.
And I'm just gonna add it as an H1 here at the top of our apple J.S. Johnson's Rolodex
and then we need that font because you'll see that we don't have this font.
Now this font we can get from Google fonts fonts Doc Google dot com and we can see all these different
fonts that Google allows us to use in our project.
So I'm just gonna find the one we want cut Bigelow rules.
I'm gonna hit this a little plus and Google gives us a link that we can add to our index that each symbol
inside of our head.
We just added at the bottom here and now we have access to Bigelow rules in our project now.
If we go to opt out see SS I'm going to add a new rule for H1 and I'm going to say font family is Bigelow
rule.
I'm also going to set the font size to 70 two pixel and the color and now if we look we'll see that
our project has the same font now which is really awesome because Google has this great font service
for us.
So now what we need is the background the background we're gonna put into our index that CSX and this
is a file that gets generated by create react.
The reason why they've already added this styling to the body and the code is because create react app
wants the exact same base styling across all browsers so different browsers might run different things
like a different font or a different margin or padding so create react app is just trying to equalize
that when the project starts but inside of this body we're just going to add this linear gradient to
our background
and you can make any gradient you want.
I just made this one and we'll see.
Our project is finished just like that.
We've built a project that has filtering and we understand now how components are created now that we
finish building our website.
It's actually not live yet but we can actually host this really easily using get hub pages so create
react app has made it really easy to use the github pages service and get hub lets us host static web
sites for free which is really awesome and it's actually really easy.
There's just a couple steps we got to take.
The first one we've got to do is we have to go to get hub
and then we have to make a new repository.
Now I'm going to name my repository monster's rolodex.
After that our project
and then I'm gonna copy this key.
This SSA key right here I'm gonna go to our terminal and then I'm going to do two things.
First I'm going to connect our actual project to that repository.
We've just made by doing get remote add origin and then that Kiwi copied.
Next I'm going to actually include the g h pages package by doing yarn add g h pages
next I'm gonna go to our package not chase on file and I'm gonna do two things.
The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to add home page.
I'm gonna actually type in HDTV s dash dash Zang m e Hwa which is the name of my github username.
So you're gonna use your GitHub username here and you're gonna do get hub dot Io slash and then the
name of the project that we made on GetUp.
The name of that repository for me it's monster's Rolodex.
The one we just created then I'm going to add two scripts.
The first one is called Redeploy and in this pre deploy I'm just going to call build because as we remember
our build script builds all of our real code into the final code that our browser needs.
And then I'm gonna call deploy and this one I'm going to say G H pages dash D built.
Now this is gonna run pre deploy before it runs deploy which is really awesome because NPM and Jaan
both know to run any script that you have pre with before you run the actual script.
So it's gonna run pre deploy before it runs deploy and then it's going to serve up that two arc yet
hub project.
Now we're gonna go back to our terminal and then we're gonna run our new deploy script and now we actually
see it runs our pre deploy script first and then we're gonna see that it actually runs our deploy script
right after.
Now this is going to build all of our project files that we need for the final project and then we're
going to add and then we're gonna write a command message adding files for get hub pages and now we're
going to push this up
so once this is all pushed up now to our final project repository we're gonna go back to our Get hub
and we're gonna refresh.
Right now we should see all our files in here and if we now go to the settings and when we scroll down
we want to make sure that the source is actually pointing to get hub pages branch.
If you're just pointing to master just make sure to set it to get hub pages branch.
And now if we go to our link we see our website is live.
It's actually served at this URL and that's awesome because get hub lets us serve these static websites
for free very easily and very quickly and you can see how if you wanted to build a quick static web
site using react it's really easy to build it and then serve it using create react app and get out pages.
Now when we actually build our final application which is a very more dynamic e-commerce Web site we're
going to actually use databases and we're going to leverage a lot more code that won't get help won't
be enough for us to serve.
And I'm going to show you how we're gonna take all of these things that we learned.
Building this application and then expand upon them in that lesson so I hope you enjoyed this and look
forward to building your first big react project.